# PollerDetail

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**poll_desc** | [**PollDesc**](PollDesc.md) |  | 
**poller_id** | **str** | The id of the poller who called the poll | 
**status** | **str** | The current status of the poll. | 
**poll_key** | **str** | Key generated by poll manager when poll is created. | [optional] 
**create_time** | **int** | The timestamp  at which the poll was created. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | The estimated duration for the poll. | [optional] 
**deadline** | **int** | The time by which the poll must have completed | [optional] 
**outer_circle_target** | **int** | The number of peers from the poller outer circle to taget. | [optional] 
**hash_algorithm** | **str** | The algorithm used by the hasher for this poll. | [optional] 
**vote_margin** | **int** | The required agreement need to decide landslide agreement or disagreement. | [optional] 
**vote_deadline** | **int** | The  time by which all voters must have voted. | [optional] 
**vote_duration** | **int** | The  estimated duration for voters. | [optional] 
**poll_end** | **int** | the time at which the poll ended or -1 if still running. | [optional] 
**quorum** | **int** | The minimum required for a quroum | [optional] 
**error_details** | **str** | The error which caused the poll to fail. | [optional] 
**voted_peers** | [**list[PeerData]**](PeerData.md) | The data from peers whom voted. | [optional] 
**no_au_peers** | **list[str]** | The peers who do not have the au. | [optional] 
**tally** | [**TallyData**](TallyData.md) |  | [optional] 
**repair_queue** | [**RepairQueue**](RepairQueue.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


