# VoterDetail

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**poll_desc** | [**PollDesc**](PollDesc.md) |  | 
**poller_id** | **str** | The id of the voter in the poll | 
**caller_id** | **str** | The id of the poller who called the poll | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The current status of the poll. | 
**poll_key** | **str** | Key generated by poll manager when poll is created. | [optional] 
**create_time** | **int** | The timestamp  at which the poll was created. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | The estimated duration for the poll. | [optional] 
**deadline** | **int** | The time by which the poll must have completed | [optional] 
**hash_algorithm** | **str** | The algorithm used by the hasher for this poll. | [optional] 
**agreement** | **float** | The percentage agreement. | [optional] 
**wt_agreement** | **float** | The weighted percentage agreement. | [optional] 
**symmetric_agreement** | **float** | The percentage of symmetric agreement. | [optional] 
**wt_symmetric_agreement** | **float** | The weighted percentage of symmetric agreement. | [optional] 
**poller_nonce** | **str** | the poller nonce | [optional] 
**voter_nonce** | **str** | the voter nonce | [optional] 
**voter2_nonce** | **str** | the voter2 nonce | [optional] 
**vote_deadline** | **int** | The  time by which all voters must have voted. | [optional] 
**num_agree** | **int** | The number of urls with agreement. | [optional] 
**num_disagree** | **int** | The number of urls with disagreement. | [optional] 
**num_poller_only** | **int** | The number of urls found by only the poller. | [optional] 
**num_voter_only** | **int** | The number of urls found by only a voter. | [optional] 
**error_details** | **str** | The error which caused the poll to fail. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


